adding info about kytos (#5)
hackinsdn/hackinsdn.github.io: en/adversary-simulator.md

# Adversary Simulator

![Adversary Simulator logo](/assets/img/adversary-simulator-logo.png){:.centered}

> One of the main aspects of cybersecurity training is the purposeful promotion of attacks in order to test the defense systems, a technique called ethical hacking. In this sense, this role in the HackInSDN project will be attributed to the Adversary Simulator Module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the main aspects of cybersecurity training and experimentation is the usage of realistic mechanisms, tools, and skills to identify and exploit gaps and weaknesses in computer systems and networks. Ethical hacking leverages those approaches aimed at reporting and fixing vulnerabilities by lawfully hacking in authorized, controlled environments. The role of Ethical Hackers ultimately is to prevent cyberattacks and security breaches by simulating attacks without harming the service, network, or its users. The HackInSDN project is fully aligned with the Ethical hacking concept and provides a framework for users to test offensive security tools, understand attack scenarios, and evaluate defense strategies. More specifically, the *Adversary Simulator* module aggregates a variety of tools and mechanisms to gain knowledge on Ethical Hacking.
```

There are many tools which can be used to promote ethical hacking, including:

> - D-ITG: Software that emulates Brazilian traffic, and can be used to emulate legitimate traffic; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- D-ITG: Software that generates trafﬁc that accurately adheres to patterns of well-known protocols/applications and can be used to simulate legitimate traffic; 
```

- Kali Linux: Linux distribution which includes plenty of security tools, which can be used in the scope of HackInSDN project;
- NMAP: A tool that can be used to emulate network scans and is widely used in ethical hacking;
- Hping3: A tool that can be used to emulate plenty of different attack types, including TCP flood and IP spoofing.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- and much more..
```
